so here we've got a good display of very common
uh cuts that we would be ordering in a restaurant
so I'm going to go from one side to another and
just talk about them quickly, up front we've got
a couple of veal chops these are veal rib chops
these are lovely steaks that you would pan sear
and give them a light braise what we've got are
two different types of veal so we have the pro-v
medial and we have some grass-fed red veal right
behind it this isn't a grilling steak so on
this board everything else being grilling steak
this one this this is a piece of ostobuco from
the shank and this is a beautiful braising uh
braising cut especially as we get into the fall on
the winter it's an absolutely delicious thing to
serve here we have our tenderloins and we have i
just wanted to show you the difference between
the veal tenderloin and the beef tenderloin
these are both tornado steaks so as you can tell
this steak is about half the diameter of our full
beef and you can see quite a difference in the
color even though this is some of the red veal
it's still significantly lighter in
color than the beef and even more
you know this is slightly darker than
what we would have had as provini
back here we have a nice display of our
sirloin so this is that full sirloin steak
where we have the cap and then the the baseball
and the heart all as one particular stake this is
our sirloin heart our sirloin butt steak next to
it is our baseball steak or sirloin baseball steak
and then this is a cap steak with which we left
the fat cap on but this could we could easily
trim that down so this this is a nice variety
of sirloin options now we're getting into our
strip line and here we have an example of both
triple a and double a and if we look at these
gratings next to these rib eyes you could tell
these ribeyes here are single a versus a double
and a triple a and so what we're comparing is just
the inter-muscular marbling in the three muscles
here we have a rib eye proper this is a boneless
rib and the difference between the two is simply
whether or not this tail and fat nugget is left on
the the end of it and then right next to these we
have two different types of prime rib steaks one
of them is a wet aged rib steak and the other one
is a dry aged drip steak and as you can tell the
wet age is just slightly bigger and our dry age is
just a little bit tighter and we can see some of
that some of the dark discoloring there but that
would be the simple difference between those
two and over here we have a porterhouse steak